let's get a few bunches of photos take
them off at the store that's it break
those off and then a red onion little
small pieces doesn't have to be tiny
pick it up just spread them out a little
bit and we're gonna drizzle on some
olive oil toss this they're well coated
I want you to take that and just shove
it into your oven
the older Olli normally the result of
you stirring stirring stirring you're
not doing that in this one so that'll
give us a nice creamy finish all right
so if you'd like it long and creamy you
go for the kind of Olney and creamy all
right now oh there there you can see
what I mean by that can't you the onions
are beginning to stock a little bit and
lose their color and the tomatoes are
just beginning to blister slightly
that's perfect keeping that nice and hot
take the rice
I'm just doing this for the
tomatoes we give this often because they
soften down too much then you kind of
you're gonna stir them up you're gonna
break them up so trying to avoid that
sort of seasoning going in there we've
got some nice fresh herbs fresh rosemary
so a couple of sprigs of those then I'll
stock on top of that vegetable stock and
what about the old white wine you go
blast their white wine that's it just a
little bit of a stir not much at all
just mix that round when we put our
mussels on there in about 20 minutes
time that will be absolutely perfect so
that's going to open up the mussels and
create that lovely little steam that we
need they come there's a nice thing
about making food that's so simple isn't
it hey you can just pop off and do
something else in between all right Oh
steam iron
hey now we need to get those muscles in
so I think that's about time in let's
get this out oh yes muscles on the top
pose on the top now just separate them a
little bit so you get an even layer of
them so they're not on top one another
set of got a chance to open up and cook
and release all their lovely juices into
the risotto amongst those two martyrs
now we can pop the lid on top give that
a little bit of a squeeze with your
cloth around the edge that's it back
into the oven that's beautiful
another 10 or 15 minutes